According to military law
Repeal the Marquis
Downgraded to civilians
How could this be?
Citi month
This is the end of offending my Wang family
Now?
You immediately make this little white face kneel down and admit his mistake to me
I can help you get back into office
Just a marquis
Improper
Lin, are you still a man?
My adults have repeatedly rescued you
It's okay if you're not grateful
Now he's been fired.
You're still talking nonsense there
I already told you
This scrap is unreliable at all
You just wouldn't listen.
It's too late now
Since it is a central military order
I Citi Moon Blade
But please don't make it difficult for Mr. Lin anymore
It's time for adults
Why are you still defending him?
Flower month you don't have to be like this
Mr. Lin
They've been coming for me all along
None of your business.
It's a pity that we can't fight on the battlefield after July
Hilarious lobster
As expected of the woman that this young master likes
What you see is that you understand better than others
But this little white face
I'm going to eat today
Unless you want to spend the night with me
Pardon me?
If you have a conscience, Lin
Kneel down now and admit your mistake
Su Shiwei, he won't remind you
A coward who can only eat soft rice
I only think about how to make myself escape
There's no such thing as a conscience.
Wang Zhongqi dares to let the Heaven Dou God General serve you
How many brains do you have?